## Work Diary - William Luu - z5359552
# Week 1
The group was formed and elected the Scrum Master to be Brian. The group also looked through every project and created a list of projects we thought were interesting and had the technical knowledge to complete. We eventually decided on P20 (Woolworths/Coles Collectables Exchange Management System). We sent this project preference to our tutor, as well as some additional projects as a backup. The group also setup a Jira site.
# Week 2
The group worked on the Project Proposal. The main tasks that were completed included researching simliar existing platforms and identifying any limitations/potential improvements that could be made. Based on the research conducted, the group then developed a list of objectives the project aimed to complete. User stories were then written to demonstrate how the platform would meet the previously outlined objectives. The group also started planning out the UI using Storyboards, in order to depict how users will interact with the system. A start was also made on the System Architecture Diagram, after the group had agreed on what technology stack to use. 
# Week 3
The group worked on finalising the Project Proposal. I mainly worked on developing prototypes for various pages on Figma and editing the proposal.
# Week 4
The first sprint started. My tasks involved writing backend endpoints relating to a users "inventory", "wares" and "lookingFor" fields, as well as the CRUD endpoints relating to collectables. 
# Week 5
The first sprint ended. Demo A was presented. This did not go very well, as our user stories on Jira were not in the correct format. On top of that, they were quite large, meaning that we were unable to demo many of them, since they only had partial functionality. During Retrospective A, the group discussed better SCRUM practices to utilise in order to ensure that the rest of the project would move as easily as possible. The group also developed a list of refactoring tasks that should also be completed in addition to the next sprint.
# Week 6
The second sprint started. The group intially mainly focused on refactoring the previous sprints work, before moving on to additional features. During this week, I was tasked with creating a search bar which allowed for searching of users, campaigns, collection and collectables. 
# Week 7
The group had finished refactoring code from the previous sprint, and therefore now focused on the tasks delegated within Sprint 2. The tasks I worked on were having the Dashboard page display "Trending" and "Featured" campaigns, collections and collectables, using a searching by tag endpoint. I also implemented page navigation between different campaigns, collections and collectables, so users can easily jump between each. I also added dummy buttons on each page, as well as dummy buttons when a campaign/collection is hovered. I also implemented the ability for campaign managers to add/remove collectables to collections.
# Week 8
Demo B was presented. This went much better than Demo A and we were able to show a lot more functionality. Our user stories however, did not have any substasks which was an issue. The team also worked on Retrospective B.
# Week 9
This was the final sprint for the project. The group worked on implementing all unfinished functionalities. I mainly worked on Achievements, which could be obtained by finishing a collection. I also worked on polishing some previous funcionalities and fixing some bugs.
# Week 10
The group put finishing touches on the codebase before the final demonstration. I mainly helped planning out what features the group would cover during the demonstration and trying to find any bugs. After the demonstration, I mainly worked on writing the final project report. 
