# Work Diary - Brian Huang - z5362306

## Week 1

We formed our group (ManyMen) and I was elected as Scrum Master. We looked through each project and created a list of projects we thought we could tackle. We decided on P20 (Woolworths/Coles Collectables Exchange Management) and sent this to our tutor. I followed up with the tutor as he asked for more preferences from us. We also setup a Jira site for our project and I setup a rough scaffold for the Jira Project.

## Week 2

I organised a Teams for all the teams doing the P20 project and created a Google Docs for us to compile our questions for our first client meeting. We setup the Github Repo with a very basic scaffold and I setup basic Jira tasks to work on the project proposal. We worked on the project proposal where I researched existing platforms and split our client requirements into user stories. We also came up with a few new user stories that could be seen as novel when compared to existing platforms. I also did some research into our technology stack and created a rough System Architecture Diagram. We also started planning the UI on the storyboards.

## Week 3

I finalised and submitted the proposal to be marked after asking the team to review it. I transferred all the user stories onto Jira and assisted with miscellaneous tasks such as adding to the interface flow diagram, adding research into existing systems and creating the system architecture diagram. I also created subtasks for each user story and assigned them to different people in the team. I started setting up the infrastructure for the project, such as getting `eslint prettier jest` setup as well as the frameworks we were using.

## Week 4

We started the first sprint of the project. I helped around with team member's questions regarding clarification and technical help. I also started coding the frontend of the website by setting up authentication, login page, signup page and the dashboard as well as the chat page. I helped with debugging and rewriting the backend code.

## Week 5

Pulled an all-nighter the day before the demo as we didn't make a lot of progress on our user stories so unfortunately we only had 1 complete user story to show. I planned a retrospective meeting and helped with writing up the report for the demo, as well as brainstorming better SCRUM and Agile practices moving forward. I helped with planning out the refactoring and made a few bug fixes to existing code to get it all to work.

## Week 6

I wrote up starter code for Jest testing of Prisma and Fastify to be completed by others. I setup a Github
Actions pipeline to run lint and tests as CI/CD. I refactored the whole of the frontend by switching out
fetcher through the API route to go through useSWR for inbuilt cache revalidation and implemented the rest
of the logic for profile image upload as well as setting up the infrastructure required to store our images
on Cloudinary. This also involved moving components around and fixing Tailwind styling issues and adding more responsiveness to the website.

## Week 7 

General assistance given to other people on the team. Redid profile page, added frontend styling to a few different pages such as collections, collectibles and campaigns page. Fixed a few bugs on the backend related to the database and added to the database seed script and a lot of miscellaneous frontend changes. Added functionality to add campaigns, add existing collections, create existing collections, connected form to create collectable, archive campaigns and view collections in profile page.

## Week 8

Setup database for sprint and implemented reviews endpoint. Retrospective B.
