# Work Diary

## Week 1

Formed group and decided on the name "Many Men". Elected Brian as both Scrum Master and Product Manager. We looked through every project and created a shortlist of preferences, and submitted it to the tutor. Jira was setup. P20 (Woolworths Coles Collectables Management System) was our most preferred.

## Week 2
Recieved our top preference P20 as our project. Began work on project proposal. Researched similar existing products, and their qualities. Used Figma to create diagrams and mockups of the proposed website plan. Started deciding on the techstack, most likely supabase for the database and react for both front and backend.

## Week 3
I was tasked with prototyping the chat and campaign elements on Figma, and writing up a portion of the user stories. Discussed with group to finalise proposed tech stack and development timeline. Reviewed, finalised and submitted proposal.

## Week 4
First sprint started. I was tasked with creating the database schema using zenstack, prisma and supabase. Additionally helped write endpoints for auth and updating profile details, and the settings page on the frontend.

## Week 5
First sprint ended. Presented demo A, didn't go well. The user stories were malformed, the features had bugs and didn't work well. Discussed with group changes and improvements to be made before starting new features in sprint two. We decided the backend needed a complete refactor (assigned to me) as there was little to no convention and consistency and duplicate code. We additionally decided on adding a pipeline with unit testing to help with approving merge requests. We used this to write the retrospective A report.

## Week 6 and 7
Completed backend refactor and retrospective A. Started sprint 2. I was tasked with writing endpoints to retrieve collectables, and profile inventory, wishlist and wares. I updated the schema and backend to allow for storing, updating and deleting of collectables by users, including any number of a given collectable. Implemented frontend components to allow users to display their collection, and buttons and forms to allow editing of what collectables users own.

