# z5362313 Work Diary

## Week 1
Group was formed and named ("Many Men"), with Brian as our Scrum Master. The Jira site was also created and everyone invited to a collaborative planning Google doc. We chose topic 20 (Woolworths Coles Collectables Management System) as our project idea. We considered and brainstormed the what infrastucture will we use; currently favouring a Node/Express backend with React frontend. We will use discord as our primary means of communication.

## Week 2
We worked on the proposal to the client, with most of the effort spent on researching existing marketplaces and exchanges and developing user stories to guide our system design and the problems we want to solve with our proposal. We also considered how the database will be hosted, with our current approach favouring serverless hosting. The reasoning is that it will reduce setup time and make it easier to manage. We also started prototyping the UI using figma for the user storyboards.

## Week 3
The proposal to the client was finalised and submitted, with my tasks being the design and conversion of user stories into the frontend interface flow diagram. I ensured all the user stories, including those of the Campaign Manager and System Administrator were represented in the diagram, with logical connections made between different components. Awaiting feedback for our design, we can then proceed into the implementation, starting with the backend.

## Week 4
We started the first sprint of the project, with our backend setup thorugh the Prisma ORM and hosted through Supabase, and our frontend powered by Next.js. My tasks were focused on the chat functionality of the application, firstly with the creation of API endpoints on the backend to retrieve chats between users and update the database with message data. Then I worked on the implementation of the frontend UI for chat functionality and connecting frontend requests to be served by the backend.

## Week 5
This week saw our first demo of the project. Unfortunately, we had only given ourselves 1 week for the first sprint, so our progressive demo was unfinished and we were only able to demonstrate one user story properly. Hence, this week was spent mostly on holding meetings to discuss better SCRUM practices moving forward, as well as planning the work neede to refactor the project. I was tasked with completing and bug-fixing the chat functionality, which I completed.

## Week 6
Our focus for this week was overall refactoring of the codebase to improve readability and logic of the layout. I also implemented the chat list functionality, including implementing responsive realtime fetching of new chats (and chat message previews). I was then tasked with starting on implementation of loading screen functionality and working on the large number of user stories relating to the user profile interface.

## Week 7
This week I implemented the user profile interface, including for both personal profiles and public profiles of other users. This shows user details (i.e. profile picture and description), as well as their current collectible inventory, along with their wishlist and collectibles willing to sell. The loading screen functionality was also implemented for fetching large amounts of data, such as chat retrieval, to make the frontend interface more responsive for users.
